President Qi
Su Xiao has been handing out flyers for a few hours
Didn't even drink a bottle of water
I'm afraid his body can't take it anymore.
You care so much about him
Why don't you go and get angry for him? I was wrong, Mr. Qi.
You go buy him a cup of milk tea.
Tell him he can get off work
Miss Ji Zongsu fainted
Why are you here?
Monitor too much
How can I get you to hand out flyers?
I don't want this job
I'll take you to resign
Su Ran, what are you doing?
Although I asked you to work
Instead of flirting with men, Jianjun
I don't care what you say.
But even though I'm your assistant now
And he was the architect of Royal Bay.
Distributing flyers is not in his job scope
You know, he works for me.
I can ask him to do whatever I want
Don't go too far
Sun Jian, thank you for thinking of me.
Go away.
I'm not leaving. I can't just watch you get bullied
I'm begging you, okay?
Then take care of yourself
You can't even send a flyer.
You don't want to do anything to worship your ancestors
Don't worry.
I will definitely hand out all the flyers today.
One more thing.
I need to travel this month
All the materials are ready
I want to see you before 12 o'clock.
A few more hours
Hurry up and finish the flyers
It should be in time.